Some concept work for my final project in my 3d modeling course. (I’ve been wanting to recreate this in 3d for a while now. Hopefully it works out)
Le birthday post, with a mathematical proof by delusion and a few unreleased sketches from the past year. Yet another year has gone by, almost in the blink of an eye, and it’s been a doozy with post grad life. Now I’m 23 and a third of the way into my twenties. Still, I wanted to thank all of you who are in touch with me for a wonderful year of hijinks and fun. I hope to do more of everything, from studying CS to drawing.
Here’s a short animation I made in blender using greasepencil for one of my classes (admittedly it’s not great because I was using only a mouse for this but I think some of the framing turned out decent)
Clown lion. Nuff said (painting + og sketch)
Happy (early) valentines day y’all! I was studying for midterms and was inspired to make “a-dork-able” valentines cards based on matrix decompositions (PLU and QR decomposition, general eigendecomposition, and singular value decomposition (SVD)). Great for rizzing up math students or ensuring that you stay single!
Merry Christmas and Happy Holidays to y’all! (three variants)
More experimental composition work to stave off the midterm brain rot.
Taking a jab at painting/scene rendering with orange grumpy cat boi (could I have used Dalle2? Probably. Am I going to? No. Might this end up in someones training dataset? Who knows?)
Presenting The Amazing Digital Circus (fanart)! It ain’t super Halloweeny or anything but then again, isn’t being trapped in a digital world with no escape spooky enough?
Some summer sketches w/ emphasis on anatomy and character design
Hopping on the trend w/ the purple McDonald’s shake. Drink responsibly y’all.
With Tears of the Kingdom being out, we’re letting Lynel Link loose onto the rolling plains of Hyrule! 
(Ngl, I’ve been playing ToTK almost nonstop, I really just had to make some fanart for this game cuz I love it too much)
A sketch commemorating 22 years of existing, a devil of a person ready to gaslight, gatekeep, girlboss, and f**k sh*t up within the year to come.
To all my pals who have or who are graduating from uni or cooleg, congratulations!! Y’all have worked real hard to get here and I’m proud that we are gonna get that acknowledgement wearing a weird square hat and getting that special piece of paper that is the diploma.
My first animated anything! I was inspired to try it out after seeing @watsonswaddles lovely animated work, “Harmless Creatures”. (Granted, this pales in comparison to that amazing work effort wise. Watswaddles, if you’re seeing this, massive props to ya!)
A quick sketch I did today. Loosely by medieval animal art and Vashti Bunyan’s music (especially “Same but Different”)
Happy Halloween! Here’s some spooky/creepy doodles from my sketchbook (plus one or two for sh*ts and giggles)
(Warning: this is gonna be LONG) 
It’s been a while since I last posted anything here, and an even longer while to get to this point. My 21st b-day is coming up soon, but the journey to get here has been anything but easy, especially within the past couple years. As such, I wanted to draw something that represents my journey to getting here; It is a journey that began with self discovery amidst the pressures to conform with given values. This was followed by a downward spiral into low self esteem and personal pressures which evolved into self loathing, isolation and, exasperated by the pandemic, mental illness. In truth, the journey could have ended there, but through the support of others and eventually myself, I was able to break free from my hellish chamber of negative thoughts and find self acceptance and a better sense of my own worth. In some sense, this journey is not over and I am still not in the clear. After all, my life will continue to change drastically within the coming years and I will need to figure out how to adapt to it given my strengths and weaknesses. Likewise, there’s a chance that I may fall back into the darkness. Despite this, I hope I can continue to develop as a person, be true to myself, make new connections, and, most importantly, be the best person I can be to myself and others. I thank all of you who have supported me and have been by my side at some point in my life. I could not have gotten here without you guys. With that, I hope to post more art (and maybe even mental health/neurodivergency support stuff) soon.

Sincerely,
Arisa, 
AKA: Bexley, Reese
College burnout be real rn… In the meantime, here are some sketches
Here is a piece I worked on about a week ago. I figured I’d upload it here since I wanted to upload something on this account.
...and then I’ll boil your girlfriend. (In all seriousness, I wanted draw something scarier so I drew the monster from the game Friday Night Funkin’)
A profile icon requested by my sis and drawn using Procreate. It’s an awesome drawing app, highly recommend it!
Hey y’all, happy fall! Honestly feels like forever since I’ve put out any drawings but here it is!
School’s back on but I got this lil project done. Here it is... Luz and King from The Owl House!
My pride experience at home cuz of the ‘rona. If the picture doesn’t already say it, I’m coming out as a lesbian🏳️‍🌈 Until next time!
A drawing I did a while back. I miss the palm trees of California.
It’s been a while since I posted anything. Currently working on a bigger piece and am busy with school but here’s a lizard. Tag someone whose birthday is today!
Yet another drawing of Hawkins and Billy. I will probs be developing something scenarios and stuff soon but until then, take this as promo art.
A little bit of info about the characters Hawkins and Billy. Again, there will be more stuff with these two so until then!
A new year, a new concept: Billy n’ Hawkins, a master apprentice relationship! I’m excited to develop and do more with this concept. More posts coming soon!
A bunch of food pics that should have been posted earlier in the year. As such, here are my notable eats for 2019 from my summer trip Singapore and Japan respectively. More coming soon!
A quick lil drawing for the Instagram (and my new profile pic lol)
Hi, I’m Bexley! A random potato looking to draw for fun!
I hope you look forward to some of my upcoming drawings. Until then, peace!
A rough sketch of the game between Michigan State and Duke. (RIP Duke and all the bracketed who had them winning)
Merry Christmas and happy holidays to everyone else! Also check out my MediBang for some other drawings by me.(bexlet8)
This cookie ain’t too impressed with the fact that I bit off half his head🍪
Cheat day at Shake Shack! (Bit messy looking but still tasty AF!)
An okonomiyaki stand at a local festival! (Really wanted to eat some but I wasn’t hungry)
Pancakes at Denny’s in Japan!
A pondi ring donut at Mister Donut #donutsarelove
My second bowl of noodles in Japan, with a light soy sauce broth.
My first meal in Japan was tantan-men, which was super delicious after a long 13 hr flight.
Tonkastu: Deep fried porky goodness...
A pic from last year from a beach I went to last year.
Anmitsu-daisuki! (I love anmitsu but technically this is a cream-mitsu due to the lack of red bean paste)
A lazy Monday calls for a pencil drawing! (The quality is crappy tho and I ain’t excusing myself for it...)
Chowing down on super spicy dandan-men! (It was kinda hard to eat but so good)
4th of July fireworks!
Ahh... the sea breeze.
Out in Maryland!
Cali Day 1: Beef brisket and potatoes to start the day
When even your coffee needs a coffee, that’s Monday for ya...
Chillin at Montego Bay
Chocolate cake for x-mas!
Bruschetta for lunch. Yummy!
Osaka: Okonomiyaki for the win!
Cute shib in front of an izakaya
TBH This was one of the hardest tacos to eat
Steak and pancakes for a fancy ass brunch
A hippo print dumpling at Asahiyama zoo
Having a sundae while viewing the lights of Sapporo
Anmitsu: The Japanese sundae of my dreams
A very happy cat!
Some fancy af Chinese food in Yokohama
A white peach Fanta = a damn good soda
A classic hamburg steak
