#beeladykim #kodathekid Happy mothers Day to this absolutely wonderful mother. Got to see some friends this weekend. We all got to drive #thinklikeag AM General Humvee. Awesome ride. Then to Kaluz for an epic dinner last night. Today a day of nature at Riverbend Park. Great bike trails and kayaking if you dare. Then a late seafood lunch at Hurricane Alley. Happy mothers day my love.
Decent sized hive today. No honey but lots of brood and healthy bees. In and out in 2 hours.
20 gallons of honey harvested this fall/winter. In Florida you get 2 honey harvest a year thanks to tropical weather. 15 gallons gone in the first 2 days. And just so everyone knows, harvesting and bottling honey is a pain in the ass.
Small swarm in my buddy Zack Barnettes backyard. Then a soffit cutout at a local retirement community. Cool weather makes for cool bees.
Table base left in the weeds. Hive was way bigger than I thought.  Couple stings, no big deal. Beelady sweating in the florida sun.
2 hives this morning. 1 in a fence that was not on our clients property, but the neighbor refused to do anything. So she got a big discount.
2nd was in a concrete fountain. Easy peazy lemon squeezy
We had bees in 2 of these inground propane tank lids. Each done in under 30 mins. Then on to Guidos in Pompano for lunch! Delicious!
Bees in an electrical room in some apartment complex in florida. 
Guess no one is doing checks. Pest control guy found it. Hive was huge but picture is deceiving.
@wisdancorrea bees in a cabinet. 
And no I dont wear a suit a lot. Too hot. Got 3 stings today
@beeladykim @catskillvinyl What a great day! Happy INDEPENDENCE DAY! my favorite holiday!!!!
Independence Day parade, Plantation Florida!! Woooh! AMERICA!!! 
BEE LADY in the parade! Cranking music and thousands of pieces of candy for everyone! Thanks Scott @catskillvinyl for the great banners!! Happy INDEPENDENCE DAY everyone!
So we get a call about a shed full of bees. Shed is being demo'd. Apparently, the workers thought they could do it. Well, Ellos fueron picados. And there were 2 hives. Done for the weekend. Going to celebrate a good friend's retirement and the Greatest American Holiday ever! Happy 4th to everyone at home and all the Patriots serving this great country.
Forgot to give a shout out to our good friend Scott @catskillvinyl for making us this awesome magnet! Been roasting in the S Florida sun for 5 months and still looks mint!
Love opening up shed floors!!!
#livebeeremoval
#alwaysaffordable
#imakeeper
All that before 9am
@beeladykim
#imakeeper
#livebeeremoval
#trusted
That's a big un.....REALLY surprised HOA let it get this big....
Nice bees
I always end up in WESTON

#alwaysaffordable
Make the right call

@beeladykim
954 391 0943 

#imakeeper
@beeladykim ❤  my business relationships
#highschoolbees
#livebeeremoval
#imakeeper
#gifts
#imakeeper
@beeladykim
#naturelearning
954 391 0843
#fieldtrips
Who could bee so lucky to have these babes as #SIL ❤
I do magic too!
My truck caught a swarm tonite....
It takes a special kind to bee THIS careless
Power washing IN A HURRICANE
Job #3 today  greatful I had a helper 
@beeladykim
We figure this out when it's 2  LATE
Now is the PERFECT TIME to live
Everyday I'm hustling.  This house ended up having FOUR different hives. Stunning and massive
Mexican chocolate chipotle
Milk chocolate
Pistachios
Yumm...
"Welcome 2 Hollywood I think I heard her mumble.
