Pretty much spent all day making this homemade pasta and sauce with chicken.
Gnocchi with a fresh roasted tomato sauce. Recipe came strait from the brain
This is Bizquick
I’m really enjoying “The way of the househusband” book I got. The recipes are amazing. This is the piping hot thick and creamy chai and bear cookies from the book. Absolutely delicious. I’ve done other recipes too but always forget to snatch a picture.
When the lemon in your tea is going hard for Valentine’s Day. Happy February 14th.
Ballons Ballons Ballons!
Apricots
UNMAM exhibit mysterious inner worlds. A fantastic experience!
Six hours. My hands hurt. My head and eyes feel funny, but I can now relax knowing I’m at least good at something.
Happy National Dog Day. Sisi says hello and have a wonderful day.
Birthday Dog turned seven! Love my Sisi bulldog.
Five stars for the five leaf clover!!!
In the adventure of life it is important to take some time for your brain. Go out and pick some flowers. A moments brake can make a life time of a difference.
French Choux pastries with marmalade center and Devonshire cream filling. They are pretty rustic due to the lack of piping bags but I’m proud non the less!
Me: I’m bored in college dorm what should I do.
Also Me: IDK make marmalade?
Me: Sure but how about without a recipe and using two oranges and honey?  Also Me: BET.
My dad took this picture on his way to work today. Life is good.
I voted because I was given the right to chose. Although many of you do not believe it is enough or are weary of the outcome know this. Voting is the little voice we have. I doesn’t mater who you vote for or why. To express that freedom shows that your voice has importance.
Baby carrots on my B-Day. Nice little harvest. How are you guys today?
Happy national dog day! I miss my girl so much! Sisi🤍🖤🤎
Anybody else excited for the school year?! Shout out to my new school! Go Lobos!
#Blackouttuesday
Home made almond milk!
First Harvest of the year SPINACH!!! :)
Pomegranate season!
Beautiful female mantis
